Hi everyone.
So let's see to my third spot.
We can apply on top of individual cities objects.
So this is basically cities matter like our and unique might turn any unique mega.
So a number of times so before processing Dateline and explaining the concept related to data frame
object I have executed this matter.
But now we are explicitly going to watch that.
What this matter is so and unique and a unique matter.
So let me just display first few records of this data frame object.
Now there are some of the column that bind us as identified like an object column or a string column.
So from the one angle it looks like a string but from the statistical point of view it may have a list
number of unique values.
So let's say about the sex column or let's say about the last column or even a relationship column even
in occupation also.
So there are a number of categorical columns that I really want you know it dataset particularly in
this particular dataset.
Because when you How was that kind of data set in that case you help to identify such a kind of column
and you treat treated completely differently before applying for other machine learning related algorithm
because you have to set your data set to another kind of encoding technique like a one time encoding
or label encoding kind of technique you want to play on a double.
So we are not going to go into detail of those kind of encoding but the idea is that you have to identify
the column in which you are release the number of unique values that are available.
Now hopefully you'll find that thing.
So let's say about sex column based on our earlier knowledge we already know that it may have well not
more than two columns or sometimes maximum three columns.
So we can identify those things with dead bodies to make us like a and unique and a unique Microsoft.
So let's grab the sex column first.
And this is a serious matter.
So this particular part will be done to see cities object and I'm just going to apply unique to my time
so you can see Vio got the one which is having just a two way use.
Now you can just see the first is that there is a little space one space after that.
That is a mean space and then.
So we'll just do unique values that are really.
You can apply this land function to grab it.
How many unique values that are relevant now.
This exact result you can get fixed and unique.
So instead of unique you can apply and you can equally turn exactly the similarity.
Daniel played this land function on the top of the output of this particular design.
So we'll identify that in a sex Leo just to do unique values that are relevant one is male and it's
finished.
Now let's grab for some other column so let's say the listenership.
OK.
This incident
so we can grab like 20 if
you like.
So in relation second Silvio we're just five in six column one literally the same way.
You know we can drive it let's say education
and is very much helpful that if you have a lesser number of unique values that are really well you
have to treat your data with some different kinds of technique.
So we tell Bob this unique My Turn Eight will return there.
How many unique and what are the unique values that are really.
So in education columns Silvio quite some unique values.
Now it doesn't make sense to apply this unique value on a real number because real numbers have infinite
numbers of money.
So it definitely won't make any kind of sense but let's say we will apply this unique on the top of
this each column.
So let's see how many we get a number equal return in each.
Now you can see still we we're not very big number.
Listen I'm so and unique militant 73 unique values that are relevant.
OK so that is about the N unique matter and a unique matter which we can apply on top of this city's
object.